Approaching strangers and engaging them in conversation about the Bible can be a challenge.
Why?
One reason is because some of us are more reserved than others.
We are pleased to introduce Sister Lorraine E. Jackson.
Sister Jackson has been serving for many years in special full-time service
and visiting a variety of lands with her husband Jeffrey.
Sister Jackson, at first, when you learned the truth in Fiji as a young person,
how did you feel about sharing in the ministry?
Brother Malin Flandt, I am shy and reserved by nature.
And I remember that when I first learned that Jehovah wants us to preach his good news,
I was excited, but even more so, I was terrified.
I understood that preaching would mean approaching strangers and trying to have conversations with them,
often when they least expected it.
And really all I wanted to do was just be quiet and be on my own.
I think there are many brothers and sisters who feel the same way.
What helped you to share in the ministry more fully?
I think the main thing that has helped me is relying on Jehovah's help through prayer.
Like many others, I talked to Jehovah constantly about my struggles.
The struggle to say the right thing, the struggle to not show fear in my manner or my voice.
The struggle to remember the right scriptures to use and to use them will.
And of course, if someone is rude to try and remain calm and kind.
Your words are appreciated.
Tell us, what are some of the things that bring you joy in the ministry?
The things that bring you joy are the very things I could not have done without Jehovah's help.
Things like conversing freely with people, strangers, about Jehovah and the Bible.
And then having the opportunity to see people's eyes light up,
when they read or understand the Bible verse for the first time,
I think those are really precious.
And of course, helping a Bible student works through a problem
and then also trying to become their friend.
I think things like these really show Jehovah's power and support
and all I can do is thank him for them.
That's very encouraging for all of us, Sister Jackson.
My final question is, how do you feel about participating in various aspects of the ministry?
I know I still lack so much, but I'm so grateful for the opportunity I've been given
to participate in various aspects of the ministry,
because they've allowed me to help others start their own journeys
to becoming Jehovah's friend and also give me an opportunity to work with Jehovah
and really rely on him.
I feel the ministry helps one, especially if one is shy, to focus on others,
on Jehovah, on Jesus, on people and their needs,
and not so much on one's own limitations.
It's true, I'm still very reserved and shy,
and as those close to me know, some days are good,
and other days I feel like hiding somewhere and not saying much.
However, the ministry has helped me manage my shyness
and has helped train me to accept other assignments of service.
I am convinced that anyone, whether a timid or otherwise,
can rejoice in the ministry,
provided they rely constantly on Jehovah and focus on him.
Thank you very much, Sister Jackson, for such encouraging expressions of faith.
Jehovah is there to help us.
If we trust in him and put forth a sincere effort to give of ourselves
in the preaching activity.